com/example/shop/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentCartBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentCartBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentResetPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentResetPasswordBinding
com/example/shop/QueueRoomModel.java
 com.example.shop.QueueRoomModel
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentAccountBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentAccountBinding
com/example/shop/MessageAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.MessageAdapter
 com.example.shop.MessageAdapter$ReceivedImageHolder
 com.example.shop.MessageAdapter$ReceivedMessageHolder
 com.example.shop.MessageAdapter$SentImageHolder
 com.example.shop.MessageAdapter$SentMessageHolder
com/example/shop/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.shop.BuildConfig
com/example/shop/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$3
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$4
com/example/shop/QueueRoomAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.QueueRoomAdapter
 com.example.shop.QueueRoomAdapter$1
 com.example.shop.QueueRoomAdapter$QueueRoomViewHolder
com/example/shop/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$1
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$10
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$11
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$12
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$13
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$14
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$15
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$16
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$17
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$18
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$19
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$2
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$20
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$21
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$22
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$23
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$24
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$25
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$26
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$27
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$3
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$4
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$5
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$6
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$7
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$8
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$9
 com.example.shop.ChatActivity$SocketListener
com/example/shop/QueueTicketRoomModel.java
 com.example.shop.QueueTicketRoomModel
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentMyOrdersBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentMyOrdersBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ItemSentImageBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ItemSentImageBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/DialogCreateRoomBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.DialogCreateRoomBinding
com/example/shop/MainActivity.java
 com.example.shop.MainActivity
com/example/shop/databinding/ItemReceivedMessageBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ItemReceivedMessageBinding
com/example/shop/ListQueueRoomActivity.java
 com.example.shop.ListQueueRoomActivity
 com.example.shop.ListQueueRoomActivity$1
 com.example.shop.ListQueueRoomActivity$2
 com.example.shop.ListQueueRoomActivity$3
com/example/shop/databinding/ItemSentMessageBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ItemSentMessageBinding
com/example/shop/Auth/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.shop.Auth.LoginActivity
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/shop/Auth/SignInFragment.java
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment$1
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment$2
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment$3
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment$4
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment$5
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment$6
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment$7
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignInFragment$8
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentSignInBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentSignInBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/shop/Auth/SignUpFragment.java
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$1
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$2
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$3
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$4
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$5
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$6
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$7
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$8
 com.example.shop.Auth.SignUpFragment$9
com/example/shop/databinding/ProfileLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ProfileLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.shop.SplashActivity
com/example/shop/databinding/QueueRoomItemBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.QueueRoomItemBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityInviteBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityInviteBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ItemReceivedPhotoBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ItemReceivedPhotoBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityListQueueRoomBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityListQueueRoomBinding
com/example/shop/AccountFragment.java
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$1
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$1$1
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$1$1$1
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$1$1$2
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$1$1$3
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$2
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$3
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$4
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$5
com/example/shop/QueueTicketRoomAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.QueueTicketRoomAdapter
 com.example.shop.QueueTicketRoomAdapter$QueueTicketViewHolder
com/example/shop/databinding/QueueTicketItemBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.QueueTicketItemBinding
com/example/shop/Auth/ResetPasswordFragment.java
 com.example.shop.Auth.ResetPasswordFragment
 com.example.shop.Auth.ResetPasswordFragment$1
 com.example.shop.Auth.ResetPasswordFragment$2
 com.example.shop.Auth.ResetPasswordFragment$3
 com.example.shop.Auth.ResetPasswordFragment$3$1
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentSignUpBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentSignUpBinding
com/example/shop/Auth/RegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.shop.Auth.RegistrationActivity
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
