com/example/shop/SliderModel.java
 com.example.shop.SliderModel
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentCartBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentCartBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentResetPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentResetPasswordBinding
com/example/shop/SliderAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.SliderAdapter
com/example/shop/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$3
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$4
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$5
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$6
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$7
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$8
 com.example.shop.HomeFragment$9
com/example/shop/WishFragment.java
 com.example.shop.WishFragment
 com.example.shop.WishFragment$1
 com.example.shop.WishFragment$1$1
 com.example.shop.WishFragment$2
 com.example.shop.WishFragment$2$1
 com.example.shop.WishFragment$3
com/example/shop/WishlistModel.java
 com.example.shop.WishlistModel
com/example/shop/ProductSpecificationFragment.java
 com.example.shop.ProductSpecificationFragment
com/example/shop/Cart.java
 com.example.shop.Cart
 com.example.shop.Cart$1
 com.example.shop.Cart$2
 com.example.shop.Cart$3
 com.example.shop.Cart$3$1
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentWishBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentWishBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityDeliveryBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityDeliveryBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityOrderDetailBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityOrderDetailBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentMyOrdersBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentMyOrdersBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityAllProductsBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityAllProductsBinding
com/example/shop/MainActivity.java
 com.example.shop.MainActivity
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityAddressBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityAddressBinding
com/example/shop/OrderDetailFragment.java
 com.example.shop.OrderDetailFragment
com/example/shop/HorizontalProductScrollModel.java
 com.example.shop.HorizontalProductScrollModel
com/example/shop/CategoryAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.CategoryAdapter
 com.example.shop.CategoryAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.shop.CategoryAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentSignInBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentSignInBinding
com/example/shop/AddressesAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.AddressesAdapter
 com.example.shop.AddressesAdapter$Viewholder
 com.example.shop.AddressesAdapter$Viewholder$1
 com.example.shop.AddressesAdapter$Viewholder$2
 com.example.shop.AddressesAdapter$Viewholder$3
 com.example.shop.AddressesAdapter$Viewholder$3$1
 com.example.shop.AddressesAdapter$Viewholder$4
 com.example.shop.AddressesAdapter$Viewholder$5
com/example/shop/HorizontalProductScrollAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.HorizontalProductScrollAdapter
 com.example.shop.HorizontalProductScrollAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.shop.HorizontalProductScrollAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentOrderDetailBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentOrderDetailBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/CategoryItemBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.CategoryItemBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ProfileLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ProfileLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.shop.SplashActivity
com/example/shop/ProductSpecificationModel.java
 com.example.shop.ProductSpecificationModel
com/example/shop/Order.java
 com.example.shop.Order
 com.example.shop.Order$1
 com.example.shop.Order$1$1
 com.example.shop.Order$1$1$1
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityCategoryBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityCategoryBinding
com/example/shop/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.shop.LoginActivity
com/example/shop/MyOrdersFragment.java
 com.example.shop.MyOrdersFragment
com/example/shop/MyAddressesActivity.java
 com.example.shop.MyAddressesActivity
 com.example.shop.MyAddressesActivity$1
 com.example.shop.MyAddressesActivity$2
 com.example.shop.MyAddressesActivity$2$1
com/example/shop/RegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.shop.RegistrationActivity
com/example/shop/databinding/HorizontalScrollLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.HorizontalScrollLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/AddressActivity.java
 com.example.shop.AddressActivity
 com.example.shop.AddressActivity$1
 com.example.shop.AddressActivity$1$1
com/example/shop/GridProductLayoutAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.GridProductLayoutAdapter
 com.example.shop.GridProductLayoutAdapter$1
com/example/shop/CartAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.CartAdapter
 com.example.shop.CartAdapter$CartItemViewholder
 com.example.shop.CartAdapter$CartItemViewholder$1
 com.example.shop.CartAdapter$CartTotalAmountViewholder
com/example/shop/MyCartFragment.java
 com.example.shop.MyCartFragment
com/example/shop/CartFragment.java
 com.example.shop.CartFragment
 com.example.shop.CartFragment$1
com/example/shop/databinding/RatingLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.RatingLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ProductDescriptionLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ProductDescriptionLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/AddressLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.AddressLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/ProductDetailAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailAdapter
com/example/shop/ProductDetailActivity.java
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$1
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$1$1
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$2
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$2$1
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$3
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$4
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$4$1
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$4$1$1
 com.example.shop.ProductDetailActivity$5
com/example/shop/databinding/GridProductLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.GridProductLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/AllProductsActivity.java
 com.example.shop.AllProductsActivity
 com.example.shop.AllProductsActivity$1
 com.example.shop.AllProductsActivity$2
com/example/shop/AddressesModel.java
 com.example.shop.AddressesModel
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentAccountBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentAccountBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentProductSpecificationBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentProductSpecificationBinding
com/example/shop/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.shop.BuildConfig
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityProductDetailBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityProductDetailBinding
com/example/shop/Address.java
 com.example.shop.Address
 com.example.shop.Address$1
 com.example.shop.Address$2
com/example/shop/databinding/HorizontalScrollItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.HorizontalScrollItemLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/CartTotalAmountLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.CartTotalAmountLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ProductSpecificationItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ProductSpecificationItemLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/CartItemModel.java
 com.example.shop.CartItemModel
com/example/shop/databinding/ShippingDetailLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ShippingDetailLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/SignUpFragment.java
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$1
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$2
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$3
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$4
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$5
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$6
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$7
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$8
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$8$1
 com.example.shop.SignUpFragment$8$1$1
com/example/shop/databinding/MyOrderItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.MyOrderItemLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/DeliveryActivity.java
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity$1
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity$1$1
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity$1$2
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity$1$2$1
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity$2
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity$3
 com.example.shop.DeliveryActivity$4
com/example/shop/databinding/AddressesItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.AddressesItemLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/shop/ResetPasswordFragment.java
 com.example.shop.ResetPasswordFragment
 com.example.shop.ResetPasswordFragment$1
 com.example.shop.ResetPasswordFragment$2
 com.example.shop.ResetPasswordFragment$3
 com.example.shop.ResetPasswordFragment$3$1
com/example/shop/OrderDetailActivity.java
 com.example.shop.OrderDetailActivity
com/example/shop/databinding/WishlistItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.WishlistItemLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/OrderAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.OrderAdapter
 com.example.shop.OrderAdapter$Viewholder
 com.example.shop.OrderAdapter$Viewholder$1
 com.example.shop.OrderAdapter$Viewholder$2
 com.example.shop.OrderAdapter$Viewholder$2$1
 com.example.shop.OrderAdapter$Viewholder$2$2
com/example/shop/databinding/OrderDetailLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.OrderDetailLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/RecentOrdersLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.RecentOrdersLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
com/example/shop/SearchActivity.java
 com.example.shop.SearchActivity
 com.example.shop.SearchActivity$1
 com.example.shop.SearchActivity$1$1
 com.example.shop.SearchActivity$Adapter
 com.example.shop.SearchActivity$Adapter$1
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentMyCartBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentMyCartBinding
com/example/shop/CategoryModel.java
 com.example.shop.CategoryModel
com/example/shop/databinding/SliderLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.SliderLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/PaymentBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.PaymentBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/ActivityMyAddressesBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ActivityMyAddressesBinding
com/example/shop/ProductSpecificationAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.ProductSpecificationAdapter
 com.example.shop.ProductSpecificationAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/shop/OrderItemModel.java
 com.example.shop.OrderItemModel
com/example/shop/AccountFragment.java
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$1
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$2
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$3
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$4
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$5
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$6
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$6$1
 com.example.shop.AccountFragment$6$1$1
com/example/shop/WishlistAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.WishlistAdapter
 com.example.shop.WishlistAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.shop.WishlistAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.example.shop.WishlistAdapter$ViewHolder$2
com/example/shop/Rating.java
 com.example.shop.Rating
 com.example.shop.Rating$1
com/example/shop/SignInFragment.java
 com.example.shop.SignInFragment
 com.example.shop.SignInFragment$1
 com.example.shop.SignInFragment$2
 com.example.shop.SignInFragment$3
 com.example.shop.SignInFragment$4
 com.example.shop.SignInFragment$5
 com.example.shop.SignInFragment$6
 com.example.shop.SignInFragment$7
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentSignUpBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentSignUpBinding
com/example/shop/CategoryActivity.java
 com.example.shop.CategoryActivity
 com.example.shop.CategoryActivity$1
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/shop/databinding/FragmentProductDescriptionBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.FragmentProductDescriptionBinding
com/example/shop/ProductDescriptionFragment.java
 com.example.shop.ProductDescriptionFragment
com/example/shop/databinding/CartItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.CartItemLayoutBinding
com/example/shop/ProductImagesAdapter.java
 com.example.shop.ProductImagesAdapter
com/example/shop/databinding/ProductImagesLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.shop.databinding.ProductImagesLayoutBinding
